README.md, before:

# Bodelschwinger Hof

(mockup image)

(link to deployed page)

## Table of Content

1. [Project Goals](#project-goals)
    1. [User Goals](#user-goals)
    2. [Site Owner Goals](#site-owner-goals)
2. [User Experience](#user-experience)
    1. [Target Audience](#target-audience)
    2. [User Requrements and Expectations](#user-requrements-and-expectations)
    3. [User Stories](#user-stories)
3. [Design](#design)
    1. [Design Choices](#design-choices)
    2. [Colour](#colours)
    3. [Fonts](#fonts)
    4. [Structure](#structure)
    5. [Wireframes](#wireframes)
4. [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
    1. [Languages](#languages)
    2. [Frameworks & Tools](#frameworks-&-tools)
5. [Features](#features)
6. [Validation](#validation)
    1. [HTML Validation](#HTML-validation)
    2. [CSS Validation](#CSS-validation)
7. [Testing](#testing) 
    1. [Accessibility](#accessibility)
    2. [Performance](#performance)
    3. [Device testing](#performing-tests-on-various-devices)
    4. [Browser compatibility](#browser-compatability)
    5. [Testing user stories](#testing-user-stories)
8. [Bugs](#Bugs)
9. [Deployment](#deployment)
10. [Credits](#credits)
11. [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Project Goals 

### User Goals
- Finding a restaurant that offers a nice atmosphere and good food.
- See a full menu with clear pricing.
- Find information about the restaurant.
- Find the location of the restaurant

### Site Owner Goals
- Increase in the number of customers.
- Promote the bussines.
- Provide a way for new and existing customers to contact the buissnes.
- Provide essential information about the bussines to customers.

## User Experience

### Target Audience
- People looking for a place to dine at
- People looking to order take away
- Groups of people looking for a place to carter a event
- Small to medium wedding parties

### User Requrements and Expectations

- A simple and intuitive navigation system
- Quickly and easily find relevant information
- Links and functions that work as expected
- Good presentation and a visually appealing design regardless of screen size
- An easy way to contact the bussines
- Simple content that the user can skim read
- Accessibility

### User Stories

1. As a user I want to know where the restaurant is lokated
2. As a user I want to know the opening times
3. As a user I want to find a phone number to call for reservation
4. As a user I want to leave some comment, suggestion or message to the staff
5. As a user I want to see the menu 
6. As a user I want to know the price range
7. As a user I want to see news about events or changes in opening times during holidays
8. As a user I want to see the Sunday meal offer
9. As a user I want to know more about the restaurant
10. As a user I want to know who is preparing the food
11. As a user I want to get a feel of what to expect at the restaurant
12. As a user I want to find the restaurant on social media

## Design

### Design Choices
The webpage was designed with the feeling a customer might get while dining at the restaurant. It is calm, warm and inviting. 
Some of the imagery on the page has a round shape with a border to resemble food served on a plate.

### Colour
For the colour sheme warm brown tones were chosen to match the images on the page and also the colour theme of the actual restaurant. 

### Fonts
Pinyon script with cursive as fallback for logo, favicon and quote
Montserrat for body
Roboto for headings

### Structure
The page is structured in a well know, recognizable, user friendly, and easy to learn way. Upon arriving to the website the user sees a familiar type of navigation bar with the restaurant logo on the left side and the navigation links to the right. 
The website consists of five separate pages: 
- A homepage with a sections for News and Sunday Meal Offers
- An about page with the About Us and Meet the Chef
- A menu page
- A image gallery with images and video showcasing the general feel of the restaurant
- A contact page with a contact form, a map and information about the bussines section

### Wireframes

<details><summary>Home</summary>
<img src="docs/wireframes/homepage.png">
</details>
<details><summary>About</summary>
<img src="docs/wireframes/about.png">
</details>
<details><summary>Menu</summary>
<img src="docs/wireframes/menu.png">
</details>
<details><summary>Gallery</summary>
<img src="docs/wireframes/gallery.png">
</details>
<details><summary>Contact</summary>
<img src="docs/wireframes/contact.png">
</details>

## Technologies Used

### Languages
- HTML
- CSS

### Frameworks & Tools
- Git
- GitHub
- Gitpod
- Tinypng
- paint.net
- balsamiq
- google fonts

## Features

## Validation

### HTML Validation

### CSS Validation

## Testing 

### Accessibility

### Performance 

### Performing tests on various devices 

### Browser compatability

### Testing user stories

## Bugs

| **Bug** | **Fix** |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Some bug | The fix for it |
| another bug | another fix |
| oh my so many bug | and this is how we fix them |

## Deployment

## Credits
Images not referenced below are owned by me.

### Media

In order of apearance:
- [carousel-1](assets/images/carousel-1.jpg): Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@heathergill?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Heather Gill</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/pots-and-pans?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
- [news](assets/images/news.jpg): Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@mareksminder?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Claudia Altamimi</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
- [meal-deal](assets/images/meal-deal.jpg): Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@itssammoqadam?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Sam Moqadam</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a> 
- [chef](assets/images/chef.jpg): <a href='https://www.freepik.com/photos/food'>Food photo created by freepik - www.freepik.com</a>
- [salad](assets/images/salad.jpg): Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@itssammoqadam?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Sam Moqadam</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
- [fish](assets/images/fish.jpg): Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@itssammoqadam?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Sam Moqadam</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
- [chicken](assets/images/chicken.jpg): Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@itssammoqadam?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Sam Moqadam</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
  
  

## Acknowledgements

Commit message:

docs: Add color palette to README.md file and add image files

README.md, after:

# Bodelschwinger Hof

(mockup image)

(link to deployed page)

## Table of Content

1. [Project Goals](#project-goals)
    1. [User Goals](#user-goals)
    2. [Site Owner Goals](#site-owner-goals)
2. [User Experience](#user-experience)
    1. [Target Audience](#target-audience)
    2. [User Requrements and Expectations](#user-requrements-and-expectations)
    3. [User Stories](#user-stories)
3. [Design](#design)
    1. [Design Choices](#design-choices)
    2. [Colour](#colours)
    3. [Fonts](#fonts)
    4. [Structure](#structure)
    5. [Wireframes](#wireframes)
4. [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
    1. [Languages](#languages)
    2. [Frameworks & Tools](#frameworks-&-tools)
5. [Features](#features)
6. [Validation](#validation)
    1. [HTML Validation](#HTML-validation)
    2. [CSS Validation](#CSS-validation)
7. [Testing](#testing) 
    1. [Accessibility](#accessibility)
    2. [Performance](#performance)
    3. [Device testing](#performing-tests-on-various-devices)
    4. [Browser compatibility](#browser-compatability)
    5. [Testing user stories](#testing-user-stories)
8. [Bugs](#Bugs)
9. [Deployment](#deployment)
10. [Credits](#credits)
11. [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

## Project Goals 

### User Goals
- Finding a restaurant that offers a nice atmosphere and good food.
- See a full menu with clear pricing.
- Find information about the restaurant.
- Find the location of the restaurant

### Site Owner Goals
- Increase in the number of customers.
- Promote the bussines.
- Provide a way for new and existing customers to contact the buissnes.
- Provide essential information about the bussines to customers.

## User Experience

### Target Audience
- People looking for a place to dine at
- People looking to order take away
- Groups of people looking for a place to carter a event
- Small to medium wedding parties

### User Requrements and Expectations

- A simple and intuitive navigation system
- Quickly and easily find relevant information
- Links and functions that work as expected
- Good presentation and a visually appealing design regardless of screen size
- An easy way to contact the bussines
- Simple content that the user can skim read
- Accessibility

### User Stories

1. As a user I want to know where the restaurant is lokated
2. As a user I want to know the opening times
3. As a user I want to find a phone number to call for reservation
4. As a user I want to leave some comment, suggestion or message to the staff
5. As a user I want to see the menu 
6. As a user I want to know the price range
7. As a user I want to see news about events or changes in opening times during holidays
8. As a user I want to see the Sunday meal offer
9. As a user I want to know more about the restaurant
10. As a user I want to know who is preparing the food
11. As a user I want to get a feel of what to expect at the restaurant
12. As a user I want to find the restaurant on social media

## Design

### Design Choices
The webpage was designed with the feeling a customer might get while dining at the restaurant. It is calm, warm and inviting. 
Some of the imagery on the page has a round shape with a border to resemble food served on a plate.

### Colour
For the colour sheme warm brown tones were chosen to match the images on the page and also the colour theme of the actual restaurant. To narrow down the colours I used Adobe Color. After deciding on the colour I tested them on WebAIM to make sure the contrast between them was right.
![Colour scheme](docs/colors/color-palette.png)


### Fonts
Pinyon script with cursive as fallback for logo, favicon and quote
Montserrat for body
Roboto for headings

### Structure
The page is structured in a well know, recognizable, user friendly, and easy to learn way. Upon arriving to the website the user sees a familiar type of navigation bar with the restaurant logo on the left side and the navigation links to the right. 
The website consists of five separate pages: 
- A homepage with a sections for News and Sunday Meal Offers
- An about page with the About Us and Meet the Chef
- A menu page
- A image gallery with images and video showcasing the general feel of the restaurant
- A contact page with a contact form, a map and information about the bussines section

### Wireframes

<details><summary>Home</summary>
<img src="docs/wireframes/homepage.png">
</details>
<details><summary>About</summary>
<img src="docs/wireframes/about.png">
</details>
<details><summary>Menu</summary>
<img src="docs/wireframes/menu.png">
</details>
<details><summary>Gallery</summary>
<img src="docs/wireframes/gallery.png">
</details>
<details><summary>Contact</summary>
<img src="docs/wireframes/contact.png">
</details>

## Technologies Used

### Languages
- HTML
- CSS

### Frameworks & Tools
- Git
- GitHub
- Gitpod
- Tinypng
- paint.net
- balsamiq
- google fonts
- Adobe color

## Features

## Validation

### HTML Validation

### CSS Validation

## Testing 

### Accessibility

### Performance 

### Performing tests on various devices 

### Browser compatability

### Testing user stories

## Bugs

| **Bug** | **Fix** |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Some bug | The fix for it |
| another bug | another fix |
| oh my so many bug | and this is how we fix them |

## Deployment

## Credits
Images not referenced below are owned by me.

### Media

In order of apearance:
- [carousel-1](assets/images/carousel-1.jpg): Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@heathergill?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Heather Gill</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/s/photos/pots-and-pans?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
- [news](assets/images/news.jpg): Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@mareksminder?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Claudia Altamimi</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
- [meal-deal](assets/images/meal-deal.jpg): Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@itssammoqadam?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Sam Moqadam</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a> 
- [chef](assets/images/chef.jpg): <a href='https://www.freepik.com/photos/food'>Food photo created by freepik - www.freepik.com</a>
- [salad](assets/images/salad.jpg): Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@itssammoqadam?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Sam Moqadam</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
- [fish](assets/images/fish.jpg): Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@itssammoqadam?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Sam Moqadam</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
- [chicken](assets/images/chicken.jpg): Photo by <a href="https://unsplash.com/@itssammoqadam?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Sam Moqadam</a> on <a href="https://unsplash.com/?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText">Unsplash</a>
  
  

## Acknowledgements
